# NIST Digital Servo

Ion Storage Group
Time and Frequency Division
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Boulder, CO USA

Authors:
David Leibrandt (david.leibrandt@nist.gov)
Jason Heidecker

The NIST digital servo is designed to be a general purpose
feedback controller, implemented digitally using an FPGA.
The advantages of an all-digital approach include fast and
easy (no soldering) reconfiguration of the feedback transfer
function, loop shapes that go beyond PID, the ability to
perform automatic lock acquisition, and the integration of
diagnostics for easy analysis of open and closed loop system
performance.  The NIST digital servo has been optimized for
feedback control of lasers in atomic, molecular, and optical
(AMO) physics experiments, but it should be applicable in other
control applications with similar bandwidth, noise, and loop
shape requirements.

This github repository contains the hardware, firmware, and
software design files, as well as precompiled firmware and
software binaries to run the digital servo on Windows 7.

For more information about the firmware and performance of the
digital servo, as well as example use cases, please refer to
D.~R.~Leibrandt and J.~Heidecker, [arxiv:XXXX.XXXXX](http://arxiv.org) (2015).

For instructions on setting up the digital servo using the
precompiled binaries on Windows 7 (which does not require
installing or using any compilers) and on operation of the GUI,
please see `doc\NIST_digital_servo_manual.pdf`.

The hardware design and fabrication files are located in the
`hardware` folder.  The firmware source code files are located 
in the `firmware` folder.  The GUI source code files are
located in the `gui` folder.  And matlab functions for reading
in data files generated by the digital servo are located in the
`matlab` folder.